Add some explanations for various and rename "Directory Structure" to "Project Structure" (#158)
servo/book: src/design-documentation/project-structure.md

  - **unit** — Unit tests using rustc’s built-in test harness.
  - **wpt** — W3C web-platform-tests and csswg-tests along with tools to run them and expected failures.

# Repositories

The Servo project maintains a number of repositories that are either independent from Servo or forked from some upstream

> project with ongoing updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Servo project maintains a number of repositories that are either released independently of Servo or are forked from an upstream project.
```

## Widely-used in Rust ecosystem

- [euclid](https://github.com/servo/euclid): Geometric types
- [ipc-channel](https://github.com/servo/ipc-channel): Interprocess communication channels

> - [html5ever](https://github.com/servo/html5ever): an HTML5 parser written in rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [html5ever](https://github.com/servo/html5ever): an HTML5 parser written in Rust
```

> - [rust-cssparser](https://github.com/servo/rust-cssparser): A CSS parser written in Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [rust-cssparser](https://github.com/servo/rust-cssparser): A CSS parser written in Rust
```

> - [rust-url](https://github.com/servo/rust-url): URL library for Rust, based on the [URL Standard](https://url.spec.whatwg.org/). Also known as url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [rust-url](https://github.com/servo/rust-url): URL library for Rust, based on the [URL Standard](https://url.spec.whatwg.org/). Also known as `url`.
```

- [string-cache](https://github.com/servo/string-cache): String interning library

## Forks

- [mozjs](https://github.com/servo/mozjs): Servo's fork of SpiderMonkey and Rust bindings

> - [rust-content-security-policy](https://github.com/servo/rust-content-security-policy): Parse and validate Content Security Policy

Reviewer: I think we can remove this as we aren't using it currently.

```suggestion
```

> - [stylo](https://github.com/servo/stylo): Servo's CSS implementation with rolling updates from the upstream in the Gecko repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [stylo](https://github.com/servo/stylo): Servo's CSS implementation with regular synchronization with the upstream version in the Gecko repository
```

> - [webrender](https://github.com/servo/webrender): A fork of Firefox's WebRender with a few small changes for Servo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [webrender](https://github.com/servo/webrender): A fork of Firefox's WebRender with a few small changes for Servo
```

## Servo-internal

- [book](https://github.com/servo/book): This book!

> - [ci-runners](https://github.com/servo/ci-runners): Scripts and tools used for servo CI (continuous integration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ci-runners](https://github.com/servo/ci-runners): Scripts and tools used for Servo's CI (continuous integration)
```

- [media](https://github.com/servo/media): the media backend that Servo uses, currently GStreamer-only

> - [rust-cssparser](https://github.com/servo/rust-cssparser): A CSS parser written in Rust.

Reviewer 2: I would move rust-cssparser into the widely-used category.

> - [media](https://github.com/servo/media): the media backend that Servo uses, currently GStreamer-only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [media](https://github.com/servo/media): The media backend that Servo uses, currently GStreamer-only
```

> - [servo](https://github.com/servo/servo)servo: The main browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [servo](https://github.com/servo/servo): The main repository for the Servo web platform engine
```

> - [surfman](https://github.com/servo/surfman): Low-Level cross platform Rust library for managing graphic surfaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [surfman](https://github.com/servo/surfman): Low-level cross-platform Rust library for managing graphic surfaces
```

> - [wpt](https://github.com/servo/wpt): Servo's fork the the Web Platform Tests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [wpt](https://github.com/servo/wpt): Servo's fork of the the Web Platform Tests
```

  - **unit** — Unit tests using rustc’s built-in test harness.
  - **wpt** — W3C web-platform-tests and csswg-tests along with tools to run them and expected failures.

# Repositories the Servo project maintains

The Servo project maintains a number of repositories that are either independent from Servo or forked from some upstream project with ongoing updates.

## Repositories that are used throughout the rust ecosystem

- [ipc-channel](https://github.com/servo/ipc-channel): Crate for the rust ecosystem of making IPC work.

> - [string-cache](https://github.com/servo/string-cache): String interning library.

Reviewer: Nit: remove the period on this line and the rest, unless the fragment is being separated from another complete sentence. Periods don't usually follow sentence fragments like this.

```suggestion
- [string-cache](https://github.com/servo/string-cache): String interning library
```

- [surfman](https://github.com/servo/surfman): Low-Level cross platform Rust library for managing graphic surfaces.

## Repositories that are forked from upstream projects

> - [euclid](https://github.com/servo/euclid): Geometric types.

Reviewer: I don't think that `euclid` is a fork.

> - [mozjs](https://github.com/servo/mozjs): Spidermonkey, servos JavaScriptEngine based on Spidermonkey with a small patchset.

Reviewer: Careful with capitalization here and elsewhere:

```suggestion
- [mozjs](https://github.com/servo/mozjs): Servo's fork of SpiderMonkey and Rust bindings
```

- [rust-url](https://github.com/servo/rust-url): Url type.

> - [rust-content-security-policy](https://github.com/servo/rust-content-security-policy): Parse and validate Content Security Policy.

Reviewer: It actually might be nice to explain why we have forked this.

Author: Yes, ideally this would be good but I am not the correct person to answer this.

Reviewer: I think if you look back at the pull request history or talk to @TimvdLippe you might be able to find a good answer.

Reviewer 3: We forked this while working on our CSP implementation. Requiring a new release of a crate only to test some WPT stuff while we were merging a couple of PRs a week was too much. We have since upstreamed most of it, I think I can do the last bit of upstreaming. Then we can use the original crate and remove our fork again. Or we can keep the fork around for testing pre-landing and then update later like we do with Stylo and mozjs.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/rust-ammonia/rust-content-security-policy/pull/59 upstreams our missing commits to upstream.

- [stylo](https://github.com/servo/stylo): Servos CSS engine based on Firefox CSS engine.

> - [unicode-bidi](https://github.com/servo/unicode-bidi): Unicode Bidirectional Algorithm implementation.

Reviewer: We don't use this and I have no idea why we forked it, so let's remove this (and maybe the fork??).
